Airtable Connector Guide tweaks (#370)
cyclr/docs: pages/connector-authentication/airtable.md

#### Retrieving Base ID and Table Name
*   Base ID can be accessed by visiting the [API area](https://airtable.com/api) and clicking on the table base you want to use. In the introduction area of the page you are redirected to, your base ID is shown e.g. "The ID of this base is app123ABC.".
*   The table name is the name of the table in the base you want to operate on. Note: This is NOT the name of the base.
*  To get the API key, go to the Airtable [account page](https://airtable.com/account) and copy of the API key from the **API** section.
*  To get the Base ID, go to the [API](https://airtable.com/api) section in Airtable and select the table base you want to use. Copy the BaseID from the **Introduction** section.
*  The table name is the name of the table in the base (**not** the name of the base).

### Cyclr Setup
## Cyclr account setup

Setup your Airtable App within Cyclr:
Cyclr asks you for the below values when you install the <connector name> connector into an account:

*   Go to your **Cyclr Console**
*   Click the **Connectors** menu along the top
*   Choose Connector Library
*   Scroll down to **Airtable**

> *   Click the **Setup** button

Reviewer: There isn't a set up option for the airtable connector (anymore at least)

*   The BaseID of the table that you want to work with.
*   The table name of the table you want to interact with.

> **Note**: The BaseID and table name can be different for each client account.

#### Set up a custom object

If you set up a custom object, you create a new method category with the parameters you enter. To set up a custom object:

1. Go to the Airtable connector **Settings** page:
    - For template connectors, go to **Templates** > **Template Connectors** > **Airtable** > **Edit Connector**.

>     - For connectors within a cycle, go to **Design New Template** > **Application Connectors** > **Airtable** > **Settings**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    - For connectors within a cycle, go to the **Template Builder** > **Application Connectors** > **Airtable** > **Settings**.
```

2. Under the **Methods and Fields** heading, expand the **Records (Custom Object)** category.
3. Select the red **Copy this Category to create a Custom Object Category** icon.
4. Enter `{BaseID}.{table name}` into the **Specify object name** field. For example, `appTCumMdMOC1Zcqz.TestTable`.

> 5. Select **Copy**.

Reviewer: Should it end on copy?
